acacia_plumosa:0:Konum Yok
acer_pseudoplatanus:1:Konum Yok
acrocomia_aculeta:2:Konum Yok
aesculus-carnea:3:Konum Yok
alicotome:4:Konum Yok
alnus:5:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
anadenanthera_colubrina:6:Konum Yok
anthoxanthum-grass:7:Konum Yok
arachis_sp:8:Konum Yok
archontophoenix_cunninghamiana:9:Konum Yok
arecaceae:10:Konum Yok
arrabidaea_florida:11:Konum Yok
aspilia_grazielae:12:Konum Yok
astanea:13:Konum Yok
bacopa_australis:14:Konum Yok
benus:15:Konum Yok
betula:16:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
brassica_napus:17:Konum Yok
brugmansia_suaveolens:18:Konum Yok
caesalpinia_peltophoroides:19:Konum Yok
carpinus_betulus:20:Konum Yok
caryocar_brasiliensis:21:Konum Yok
cecropia_pachystachya:22:Konum Yok 
ceiba_speciosa:23:Konum Yok 
chromolaena_laevigata:24:Konum Yok 
cissus_campestris:25:Konum Yok 
cissus_spinosa:26:Konum Yok 
combretum_discolor:27:Konum Yok 
cordia_trichotoma:28:Konum Yok 
corylus:29:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
cosmos_caudatus:30:Konum Yok 
croton_urucurana:31:Konum Yok 
dactylis:32:Konum Yok 
dianella_tasmanica:33:Konum Yok 
dipteryx_alata:34:Konum Yok 
doliocarpus_dentatus:35:Konum Yok 
eratonia:36:Konum Yok 
erula:37:Konum Yok 
erythrina_mulungu:38:Konum Yok 
eucalyptus_sp:39:Konum Yok 
faramea_sp:40:Konum Yok 
fraxinus:41:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
genipa_auniricana:42:Konum Yok 
gomphrena_sp:43:Konum Yok 
guapuruvu:44:Konum Yok 
guazuma_ulmifolia:45:Konum Yok 
hortia_oreadica:46:Konum Yok 
hyptis_sp:47:Konum Yok 
ligustrum_lucidum:48:Konum Yok 
luehea_divaricata:49:Konum Yok 
mabea_fistulifera:50:Konum Yok 
machaerium_aculeatum:51:Konum Yok 
magnolia_champaca:52:Konum Yok 
manihot_esculenta:53:Konum Yok 
matayba_guianensis:54:Konum Yok 
mauritia_flexuosa:55:Konum Yok 
mimosa_ditans:56:Konum Yok 
mimosa_ditrans:57:Konum Yok 
mimosa_pigra:58:Konum Yok 
mitostemma_brevifilis:59:Konum Yok 
myracroduon_urundeuva:60:Konum Yok 
myrcia_guianensis:61:Konum Yok 
not_polen:62:Konum Yok 
ochroma_pyramidale:63:Konum Yok 
olea:64:Konum Yok 
origanum:65:Konum Yok 
ouratea_hexasperma:66:Konum Yok 
oxalis:67:Konum Yok 
pachira_aquatica:68:Konum Yok 
palmeira_real:69:Konum Yok 
passiflora_gibertii:70:Konum Yok 
paullinia_spicata:71:Konum Yok 
pinus_nigra:72:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
piper_aduncum:73:Konum Yok 
pistacia:74:Konum Yok 
platanus:75:Konum Yok 
poaceae_sp:76:Konum Yok 
populus:77:Avrupa ve boreal ormanlar
protium_heptaphyllum:78:Konum Yok 
prunus:79:Konum Yok 
qualea_multiflora:80:Konum Yok 
rica:81:Konum Yok 
ricinus_communis:82:Konum Yok 
salvia:83:Konum Yok 
satureja:84:Konum Yok 
schinus_sp:85:Konum Yok 
schizolobium_parahyba:86:Konum Yok 
senegalia_plumosa:87:Konum Yok 
sequoiadendron-giganteum:88:Konum Yok 
serjania_erecta:89:Konum Yok 
serjania_hebecarpa:90:Konum Yok 
serjania_laruotteana:91:Konum Yok 
serjania_sp:92:Konum Yok 
sida_cerradoensis:93:Konum Yok 
sinapis:94:Konum Yok 
solanum_sisymbriifolium:95:Konum Yok 
sphodelus:96:Konum Yok 
syagrus:97:Konum Yok 
syagrus_romanzoffiana:98:Konum Yok 
symplocos_nitens:99:Konum Yok 
tabebuia_chysotricha:100:Konum Yok 
tabebuia_rosealba:101:Konum Yok 
tapirira_guianensis:102:Konum Yok 
taxus:103:Konum Yok 
thymbra:104:Konum Yok 
tradescantia_pallida:105:Konum Yok 
trema_micrantha:106:Konum Yok 
trembleya_phlogiformis:107:Konum Yok 
tridax_procumbens:108:Konum Yok 
ucalyptus:109:Konum Yok 
urginea:110:Konum Yok 
urochloa:111:Konum Yok 
vitis:112:Konum Yok 
vochysia_divergens:113:Konum Yok 
yrtus:114:Konum Yok
zea_mays:115:Konum Yok